House Rules | CLINIQ Maastricht | CLINIQ Maastricht
Naar inhoud / Skip to content Cliniq Nightlife Cocktail workshop Venue hire Photos Contact Agenda NL Inquire
House rules
House rules
01
We welcome all people regardless of their gender, nationality or religion as long as they respect our venue, our staff, our house rules, and most importantly each other.
02
On weekdays we require our guests to be at least 18 years old. On Fridays and Saturdays the minimum age is 21. A valid ID is required and must be shown upon request of our staff.
03
We do not allow sportswear (except in case of special sport events hosted by us), fanny packs or bum bags inside our venue. For security reasons we also do not allow face covering clothes including hats, caps and (tinted) sunglasses.
04
We do not allow smoking inside our venue — it has been prohibited in all Dutch bars and restaurants since 2008. Visitors who smoke inside will be removed. Vaping is treated as smoking.
05
We do not allow smuggling your own drinks into our venue. We reserve the right to check upon arrival. Visitors found consuming their own drinks will be removed.
06
We do not allow drugs of any kind inside our venue. Visitors found using or dealing drugs will be removed and may be handed over to the police. Visitors who are visibly intoxicated may be refused entry.
07
By entering the club you automatically agree to image and video registration and the use of these by Cliniq Maastricht in case of a potential breach of our house rules or Dutch legislation.
Cliniq We own the night
Going out in Maastricht. Open Thursday, Friday and Saturday on Platielstraat.
Navigation
Nightlife
Cocktail workshop
Hire venue
Photos
Contact
Jobs
House rules
Opening hours
Thursday 22:00–02:00
Friday 22:00–03:00
Saturday 22:00–03:00
Platielstraat 9A
6211 GV Maastricht
contact@cafecliniq.com WhatsApp
For groups
Hen party
Corporate event
Private party
Cocktail workshop
Event venue Maastricht
nightlife in Maastricht · event location Maastricht · cocktail workshop Maastricht
© 2026 Cliniq Maastricht
Platielstraat 9A · 6211 GV Maastricht
